# Project5_
#Project5 When this project was first brought to my attention, 
I looked at the pdf to get an idea as to what I was going to need to do. 
Without any skeleton code to work with, it was hard to get a start on it. 
Knowing this I created a task list that would help me sort through the task at hand. 
Once complete I had an idea of what I was going to start with and how was I was going to mold this project. 
First I imported Javafx into the program so that I would be able to use all of the components that come with it. 
Then the next thing I did was create a scene and pane and name them scene and pane respectively. 
Next after looking at the picture of the output, the next task at hand was to create the slider, so i created a new slider and called it slider. Next I had to create labels, I created 3 whose names where comparinglabel, sliderValueLabel, and hammingDistanceLabel. Next where the buttons, looking at the output picture again I noticed that there was 4 buttons I was going to need to make, these buttons were called calcHammingDistanceButton, addStationButton, showStationsButton, randomStationButton Next I worked on the Distance labels, I created 10 labels, the first 5 gave us the label that doesn’t change and shows us what information we are going to receive. The second 5 are changing labels that go with the correct hamming distance corresponding with the station. Next I created a text field, a combo box, and a listview, I named these newStationName, stationNamesComboBox, and listview respectively. Next I set the characteristics of the pane, I set the padding to be 10 pixels, and set both the Vgap and the Hgap the be 10 as well. Next I had to set the characteristics for the slider and happiness slider. For both I set the block increments to be 1, and I set the major tick units to be 1 as well. In order for the ticks to be shown I then had to set the show tick labels method to be true. My next step was to initialize the buttons, for hammingDistanceLabel I set it to "Enter Hamming Distance: ", for comparing label I set it to "Compare with: ", and last for the happinessLabel I set it to "Current Happiness: ". Next I had to initialize the newStationName text field. My next task was to allows both the slider to change the value so I created 2 methods for that. My next task at hand was to create a combo box and populate it with values that were the stations. The first thing that i did was create an ArrayList of type string and called it stationNames.Next, a buffered reader that would allow me to open up the file and go through its contents. Next I created a while look that would allows the String I made called stationName to be added to the arrayList until the contents of the text file had been ran through. Once complete I created an observable list that converted the old array list into something thatncould be added to a combo box. Once done I just had to set the items to the combo box and that was it. Next I had to create a few action events that would allow something to happen whenever the user decides to click the buttons. I named them addStationButton, showStationsButton, calculateHDButton, and showAdviceButton.The add station button takes in whatever station the user decides to type and just simply adds it to the array list that it converted into an observable array list, then it updates the text box. The show stations button basically takes in the hamming distance value that the slider gives, and well as the station that is picked by the user and find other stations who's hamming distances correspond. I did this by first creating a variable called sliderValue and initialized it with the slider value. Next I created an array list called matching slider values and this array list was going to be made up of the stations who matched the corresponding hamming distances. I then created a String who's value was the value of the station selected by the combo box. I turn that string into a char array so that we would then be able to compare each individual letter. I then created a buffered reader again called br and read in the mesonet.txt file. Once completed I created a while look that would run through the entire file until it was complete. I created another string who's value was the value of the certain station in the loop and every time it ran through the loop that station would change until it was null. I then created a for look that compared each letter and if they did not match then the hamming distance would get incremented by one. I then created a loop that compared the hamming distance between the selected station and the slider value and if those 2 matched I then added that certain station name to the array list. Once complete I then turned the array list into an observable array then turned it into a combo box. My next task was to created an action event for the calculateHDButton, in order to find the hamming distance I used the exact same method as the previous method. Once done I created a set of if and else if statements that the hamming distance would run through, and if it met a certain hamming distance it would be incremented. I then had to turn these counter values into a String, then set those distance labels to those strings.My next action event was my show advice button, all I had to do was get the slider value then compare it to a bunch of if else statements in order to print out the correct statement.My next task was to set all of the buttons the be activated once the user hits them using the .setOnAction method with the ActionEvent as the parameter. Once this once was done I simply had to add all of the components into the pane using the .add method with the components, and axis values as the parameters. Next I had to set the title, scene, and let the application be shown by using the show method. Lastly, all I had to do was go into the main method and launch the application.
